feat : ABI upgrade from abi_stabby to stabby since abi_stable is no longer maintained (#21030)
apache/datafusion: datafusion/ffi/README.md

operate across different programming languages, but that is not the design
intent of this crate. Instead, we are using external crates that provide
stable interfaces that closely mirror the Rust native approach. To learn more
about this approach see the [stabby] and [async-ffi] crates.

If you have a library in another language that you wish to interface to
DataFusion the recommendation is to create a Rust wrapper crate to interface
with your library and then to connect it to DataFusion using this crate.
Alternatively, you could use [bindgen] to interface directly to the [FFI] provided
by this crate, but that is currently not supported.

## Stabby Usage

This crate uses [stabby] for ABI-stable types like `stabby::string::String` and
`stabby::vec::Vec`. We chose stabby because [abi_stable] is no longer actively

> maintained.

Reviewer: This is a backwards facing statement. Future developers aren't going to be interested in the fact that abi_stable is not maintained. You can jut cut this last sentence.

Author: Totally agree ! I don't think we will have to mention the migration once we have stabby changes merged to main

We intentionally use `#[repr(C)]` for our struct definitions instead of stabby's
`#[stabby::stabby]` macro. The reason is that stabby's `IStable` trait (required
by the macro) demands that all inner types also implement `IStable`. This creates

> challenges for our use case:

Reviewer: One of the reasons I think the stabby macros are difficult is that it *greatly* increases build time due to the heavy macro use and the fact that we have so many interdependent types.

Also I found that creating stabby dyn pointers for the trait objects led to a more complex code patterns with very little added benefit. Instead I think we use stabby for it's convenient structs.

Author: Thank you for benchmarking builds. I did update documentation to reflect the design choices and removed mentions of `IStable`

1. **Arrow types**: Arrow's FFI types like `FFI_ArrowSchema` do not implement
   `IStable`, and adding such implementations would be laborious and error-prone.

2. **Self-referential function pointers**: Many of our FFI structs contain
   function pointers that reference `&Self`, which complicates `IStable`

>    implementations.

Reviewer: I disagree with this. The stabby approach would be to make these stabby traits that mirror the non-ffi traits rather than implement them as function pointers on a stabby object. This part I actually find to be quite clean if you go through the process of changing it all over.

Author: Thanks for the clarification! Removed this point . Agree that `stabby`'s trait approach handles better than our approach here but our choice is driven by the other reasons (build time, dyn pointer complexity)

3. **FFI_Option and FFIResult**: For similar reasons, we provide our own
   `FFI_Option<T>` and `FFIResult<T>` types using `#[repr(C, u8)]` instead

>    of stabby's `Option` and `Result`, which require inner types to be `IStable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **FFI_Option and FFIResult**: We provide our own
   `FFI_Option<T>` and `FFIResult<T>` types using `#[repr(C, u8)]` because
   stabby's `Option` and `Result` require inner types to be `IStable`.
```

Author: Thank you . I changed the wording per review comment

> 
> 4. **FFI_Option and FFIResult**: We provide our own `FFI_Option<T>` and
>    `FFIResult<T>` types using `#[repr(C, u8)]` because stabby's `Option`
>    and `Result` require inner types to be `IStable`.
> 
> Instead, we use stabby for its convenient ABI-stable collection types like
> `stabby::string::String` and `stabby::vec::Vec`, while retaining flexibility
> for our complex FFI struct layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We use stabby for its convenient ABI-stable collection types like
`stabby::string::String` and `stabby::vec::Vec`, while retaining flexibility
for our complex FFI struct layouts. We provide our own `FFI_Option<T>` and
`FFIResult<T>` types using `#[repr(C, u8)]` because stabby's `Option`
and `Result` require inner types to be `IStable`.
```

operate across different programming languages, but that is not the design
intent of this crate. Instead, we are using external crates that provide
stable interfaces that closely mirror the Rust native approach. To learn more
about this approach see the [stabby] and [async-ffi] crates.

If you have a library in another language that you wish to interface to

> DataFusion the recommendation is to create a Rust wrapper crate to interface

Reviewer: For users who are interested in working on this code, they will probably ask themselves the same thing I asked. Why is it we are not using the core features of stabby? You and I have both come to the same conclusion that especially with the work on getting the record batch stream converted over to using stabby it turns into a much different project, especially when it comes to build times with the heavy macro use.

I think we just need some documentation as mentioned in a prior comment.
